you see this airpod right here let me
just grab it wait what can't well the
reason for that is that this is a 3D
mirror scope which has both halves lined
with a mirror finish in such a way that
it bounces light so that the object
placed at the bottom is projected to
appear as if it's floating on top but
even cooler is the 10 segr table I mean
this doesn't even look like it should be
holding itself up but I can actually put
weight onto it like a normal table and
that's because the entire weight is
actually being carried by this
elasticated string right here the chains
are just there to help stabilize it and
also sell you on this weightless
illusion next we have an app called
Parallax view it combines your phone's
baked in accelerometer with some pretty
Advanced Eye tracking based on the front
camera to give you the illusion of 3D
shapes sticking out or going into your
phone screen but is anything cooler than
a magnetically levitating stamp so you
grab the object that you want to
levitate you place a supporting magnet
on the inside oh it's a little bit
fiddly to get just right but by adding
these weighted marbles on the inside
look at that it works